P-Reading:
With so many reading programs, parents can easily spend a small fortune creating a comprehensive curriculum. Now, a single, affordable reading program that is active, engaging, and helps children learn for themselves.

P-Vocab:
Children must learn new words all the time, so that the new words become a part of their vocabulary forever. This exciting program helps children expand their vocabulary through colorful and exciting multimedia lessons.

P-Science:
The most comprehensive science curriculum! Make sure your student knows what he or she needs to know.

P-SS:
The most comprehensive Social Studies program available! Take advantage of children’s natural curiosity to broaden their horizons and foster an interest in the larger world.

I-Grammar:
Grammar confuses many students. Speaking and writing improperly is one of the easiest ways to do poorly in school! Now, your child can have a personal grammar tutor right in the home.

I-Reading:
With so many reading programs, parents can easily spend a small fortune creating a comprehensive curriculum. Now, a single, affordable reading program that is active, engaging, and helps children learn for themselves.

I-Vocab:
Children should be learning new words all the time, so that the new words become a part of their vocabulary forever. This exciting program helps children expand their vocabulary through colorful and exciting multimedia lessons.

I-Math:
Your student can benefit from the kind of one-on-one instruction that makes math fun, enjoyable, and easy to understand. It’s like having an expert math teacher right in your home!

I-Science:
The most comprehensive science curriculum! It’s like having a science teacher in the home to work with your student.

A-Grammar:
An easy-to-understand treatment of the principles of language. Leads to better writing and speaking skills.

A-Reading:
Now, a single, affordable reading program that is active, engaging, and helps students learn for themselves. Writing passages are used to develop comprehension skills needed to succeed in school and in life.

A-Vocabulary:
A program that helps students develop powerful communication skills and gain confidence in their verbal abilities.

A-Math:
A program with clear, concise tutorials and plenty of examples. From basic operations through complex math relationships.

A-Science:
In-depth coverage of life and earth sciences, chemistry, biology, and physics. It’s like having a science teacher in the home to work with your student.

A-Social Studies:
Ideas, events, people, and places – everything students need to know. It’s like having a Social Studies teacher in the home to work with your student.

HS-Reading:
Now, a single, affordable reading program that is active, engaging, and helps students learn for themselves. Writing passages are used to develop comprehension skills needed to succeed in school and in life.

HS-Math:
A program with clear, concise tutorials and plenty of examples. Prepares students for local, state, and college admission exams.

HS-Biology:
In-depth coverage of the study of life and living things. It’s like having a biology teacher in your home to work with your student.

HS-Chemistry:
The study tool students need to master high school chemistry. Essential preparation for any chemistry achievement test – Regents, College Entrance Examination Board, and others.

HS-Physics:
Everything your student needs to succeed in high school physics. Clear, easy to understand coverage of the theoretical, as well as plenty of rigorous mathematical practice.

Hs-History:
Comprehensive coverage of the events of that shaped our nation. Excellent preparation for standardized exams.

